install_scripts/geonetwork-templates/README.rst, before:

==============================
GeoNetwork configuration files
==============================

Disclaimer:
This is only a quick and dirty installation guide for those who need to configure GeoNetwork quickly.
If you want to hack & tweak, we *do* have an excellent documentation elsewhere.


Custom Thredds to GeoNetwork harvesting
---------------------------------------

1. Copy the Base Template "thredds-harvester-unidata-data-discovery-geomatico.xml" to:
$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps/geonetwork/xml/schemas/iso19139/templates/thredds-harvester-unidata-data-discovery-geomatico.xml

2. Copy the Fragments Subtemplate "netcdf-attributes-geomatico.xsl" to:
$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps/geonetwork/xml/schemas/iso19139/convert/ThreddsToFragments/netcdf-attributes-geomatico.xsl

3. Go to "Administration" => "Metadata & Template". Select "iso19139" and "Add templates".

4. Go to "Administration" => "Harvesting Management" and add a "Thredds Catalog" harvesting task. Select the above templates to configure the "Create metadata for Atomic Datasets" section.


Further details on how Thredds Harvesting works and how to customize it:
http://{dataportal_base_url}/doc/install.html#creacion-y-configuracion-del-proceso-de-harvesting


Custom Lucene indexing for search services
------------------------------------------

1. Copy the Indexer Configuration "index-fields.xsl" to:
$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps/geonetwork/xml/schemas/iso19139/index-fields.xsl

2. Go to "Administration" => "Index settings" => "Rebuild"

3. Copy the CSW Configuration File "config-csw.xml" to:
$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps/geonetwork/WEB-INF/config-csw.xml

4. Restart Tomcat

5. Do a GetCapabilities http://{host:port}/geonetwork/srv/en/csw?service=CSW&request=GetCapabilities and search for "ContentInfo" to verify it is working.


Further details on how Lucene Indexation works and how to customize it:
http://{dataportal_base_url}/doc/search-service.html#configuracion-de-gn-para-busqueda-por-variables

Commit message:

Modified README.rst & added iso-brief.xsl to geonetwork-templates folder

install_scripts/geonetwork-templates/README.rst, after:

==============================
GeoNetwork configuration files
==============================

Disclaimer:
This is only a quick and dirty installation guide for those who need to configure GeoNetwork quickly.
If you want to hack & tweak, we *do* have an excellent documentation elsewhere.

Custom GetRecordById response
-----------------------------

1. Replaced the iso-brief.xsl with this iso-brief.xsl file in folder $TOMCAT_HOME/webapps/geonetwork/xml/schemas/iso19139/present/csw/ 

Now all the *brief* GetRecordById responses be served with the structure defined in iso-brief.xsl.    

Custom Thredds to GeoNetwork harvesting
---------------------------------------

1. Copy the Base Template "thredds-harvester-unidata-data-discovery-geomatico.xml" to:
$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps/geonetwork/xml/schemas/iso19139/templates/thredds-harvester-unidata-data-discovery-geomatico.xml

2. Copy the Fragments Subtemplate "netcdf-attributes-geomatico.xsl" to:
$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps/geonetwork/xml/schemas/iso19139/convert/ThreddsToFragments/netcdf-attributes-geomatico.xsl

3. Go to "Administration" => "Metadata & Template". Select "iso19139" and "Add templates".

4. Go to "Administration" => "Harvesting Management" and add a "Thredds Catalog" harvesting task. Select the above templates to configure the "Create metadata for Atomic Datasets" section.


Further details on how Thredds Harvesting works and how to customize it:
http://{dataportal_base_url}/doc/install.html#creacion-y-configuracion-del-proceso-de-harvesting


Custom Lucene indexing for search services
------------------------------------------

1. Copy the Indexer Configuration "index-fields.xsl" to:
$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps/geonetwork/xml/schemas/iso19139/index-fields.xsl

2. Go to "Administration" => "Index settings" => "Rebuild"

3. Copy the CSW Configuration File "config-csw.xml" to:
$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps/geonetwork/WEB-INF/config-csw.xml

4. Restart Tomcat

5. Do a GetCapabilities http://{host:port}/geonetwork/srv/en/csw?service=CSW&request=GetCapabilities and search for "ContentInfo" to verify it is working.


Further details on how Lucene Indexation works and how to customize it:
http://{dataportal_base_url}/doc/search-service.html#configuracion-de-gn-para-busqueda-por-variables
